Let's continue.
So this is my image, which is on the ECR, Amazon Elastic Container Registry, which is nothing.
It's a repository and just copy the URL and come back to your Amazon ECS.
And here I was trying to create a task.
So this is the let me cross this one and come back here and here I was trying to create a task.
I have provided all the information and let me click on add container.
Container name is nginx container demo and let me paste the image URL and let me go with all default
and port mapping, let me put 80 here and here we have option for health check environment.
So let me go with all default options and finally let me click on add.
So here you can see this container has been added and here you can see we have many more options, service
integration, proxy configuration.
So as of now, I'm okay with all default options and click on create.
So here you can see my this task has been created.
Let me show you this one.
So this task has been created.
But this task has not assigned to any cluster yet.
So this task is just an ideal.
At the back end, it is not running any container.
Once you assign this task to any cluster, then only your container would be started.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I'm going to assign this task to the cluster.